Add extra documentation for app.import (#226)
ember-learn/cli-guides: guides/advanced-use/asset-compilation.md

};
```

> If you would like to specify the output path for a single vendored asset, you can do so by using `app.import`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to specify the output path for a single file in the `vendor` directory, you can do so by using `app.import`.
```

This edit should make the spellchecker test pass.
